There are at least two kinds of games. One could be called finite, the other infinite.
A finite game is played for the purpose of winning, an infinite game for the purpose of continuing the play.

         — James P. Carse

Imagine a being like nature, wasteful beyond measure, indifferent beyond measure, without purposes and consideration, 
without mercy and justice, fertile and desolate and uncertain at the same time; 
imagine indifference itself as a power - how could you live according to this indifference? 
Is that not precisely wanting to be other than this nature? 
Is not living - estimating, preferring, being unjust, being limited - wanting to be different?

         — Friedrich Nietzsche

I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked,
dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix,
angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night...

What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination?
Moloch! Solitude! Filth! Ugliness! Ashcans and unobtainable dollars! 
Children screaming under the stairways! Boys sobbing in armies! 
Old men weeping in the parks!...

They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven! 
Pavements, trees, radios, tons! lifting the city to Heaven which exists and is everywhere about us!...

Real holy laughter in the river! 
They saw it all! the wild eyes! the holy yells! They bade farewell! 
They jumped off the roof! to solitude! waving! carrying flowers! 
Down to the river! into the street!

         — Allen Ginsberg

“My nerves are bad tonight. Yes, bad. Stay with me.
“Speak to me. Why do you never speak. Speak.
  “What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?
“I never know what you are thinking. Think.”

  I think we are in rats’ alley
Where the dead men lost their bones....

  I remember
Those are pearls that were his eyes.

         — TS Eliot

  What are the roots that clutch, what branches grow
Out of this stony rubbish? Son of man,
You cannot say, or guess, for you know only
A heap of broken images, where the sun beats,
And the dead tree gives no shelter, the cricket no relief,
And the dry stone no sound of water.

         - TS Eliot

The Child is Father of the Man;
         
         - William Wordsworth

I really don't know life at all.

         - Joni Mitchell

The soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly.

         - Andy Bernard
         
Is your life worth a painting?

         - D. Boon

I gave her my heart, but she wanted my soul,
But don't think twice, it's alright.

         - Bob Dylan
         
'The forceful do not choose their place of death.' 
I regard this as the father of all teachings.

         - Tao Te Ching, Chapter 42
